<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="troubleshooting">
  <title>Troubleshooting</title>
  <shortdesc>Comprehensive solutions for common issues with the SmartHome Hub.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>If you encounter issues with your SmartHome Hub, this section provides a detailed table of common problems and their recommended solutions. Follow the steps below based on the specific issue you face.</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry><b>Issue</b></entry>
            <entry><b>Solution</b></entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>Hub not powering on</entry>
            <entry>Verify the power outlet, check the adapter, and ensure the connection is secure.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>LED indicator not lighting</entry>
            <entry>Reset the device by unplugging it for 30 seconds, then reconnect power.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Cannot connect to Wi-Fi</entry>
            <entry>Restart your router, verify network credentials, and try moving the Hub closer to the router.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Devices not responding</entry>
            <entry>Re-pair the devices via the app; ensure each device is powered on and within range.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>App crashes during setup</entry>
            <entry>Update the app to the latest version or reinstall it from the store.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Firmware update failure</entry>
            <entry>Ensure a stable internet connection and sufficient power supply during updates.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>Slow response  times</entry>
            <entry>Check for network congestion, update firmware, and restart the Hub.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>If none of these solutions work, please contact SmartHome Support with the error details and troubleshooting steps you have already taken.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
